Updated the Prerequisites for OTEL docs (#3612)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/integrations/app-development/opentelemetry/jfrog-artifactory-opentelemetry.md

```
A restart is required for traffic collection to take effect.

import LogsCollectionPrereqisites from '../../../reuse/apps/logs-collection-prereqisites.md';

<LogsCollectionPrereqisites/>

> For windows system, log files which are collected should be accessible by SYSTEM group. Follow the set of below power shell command if SYSTEM group does not have the access.

Author: ```suggestion
For Windows system, log files which are collected should be accessible by SYSTEM group. Follow the set of below power shell command if SYSTEM group does not have the access.
```

> For Windows system, log files which are collected should be accessible by SYSTEM group. Follow the set of below power shell command if SYSTEM group does not have the access.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Windows systems, log files which are collected should be accessible by the SYSTEM group. Use the following set of PowerShell commands if the SYSTEM group does not have the access.
```
